update docs for rio-tiler 2.0rc release (#300)
cogeotiff/rio-tiler: docs/advanced/custom_readers.md

> rio-tiler provides multiple base classes from which it derives its main readers: [COGReader](/readers/#cogreader) and [STACReader](/readers/#stacreader). The base classes can be used by users to built custom readers (see [rio-tiler-pds](https://github.com/cogeotiff/rio-tiler-pds)).

Reviewer: I tend to put "rio-tiler" in code style `rio-tiler`, not sure if you care.

> rio-tiler provides multiple base classes from which it derives its main readers: [COGReader](/readers/#cogreader) and [STACReader](/readers/#stacreader). The base classes can be used by users to built custom readers (see [rio-tiler-pds](https://github.com/cogeotiff/rio-tiler-pds)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rio-tiler` provides multiple base classes from which it derives its main readers: [`COGReader`](/readers/#cogreader) and [`STACReader`](/readers/#stacreader). The base classes can be used to build custom readers (see [`rio-tiler-pds`](https://github.com/cogeotiff/rio-tiler-pds)).
```

Reviewer: I'm not gonna take the time now to do such stylistic changes for the whole PR, I think having a consistent style is good because it gives off a professional feel, but it takes a bit of time reading through the docs

## Abstract Base Classes

> ### ø BaseReader

Reviewer: Why `ø`? It's probably ok just to have h3 headers as the classes.

Author: I found the (right side) menu a bit hard to read (when mkdocs is rendered). I'm happy to remove this!
